Mithril update 2024-09-25 (#471)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-09-25-mithril.md

The Mithril team continued working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They completed the implementation of a buffer store for individual signatures that may arrive before being processed by an aggregator, completed the refactoring of the signer state machine, and kept working on a mechanism to support specific configurations for signing Cardano transactions. Additionally, they worked on the autonomous computation of the messages to be signed by the signer.

Finally, the team worked on a refactoring of the service which computes the messages to certify in the signer and aggregator, and fixed the problem preventing the consistent certification of Cardano transactions in the `pre-release-preview` network.

## Low level overview
- Released the new distribution [`2437.1`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2437.1)

> - Publication of a [dev blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2024/09/24/client-wasm-unstable-breaking-change) about the **ithril client WASM breaking change in unstable features**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Published a [dev blog post](https://mithril.network/doc/dev-blog/2024/09/24/client-wasm-unstable-breaking-change) about the **Mithril client WASM breaking change in unstable features**
```
